User flow language customization documentation (#10918)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/identitycontainer-post-b2cuserflows.md

|id|String|Required. The name of the user flow. The name will be pre-pended with `B2C_1` after creation.|
|userFlowType|String|Required. The type of user flow you are creating. The supported values for **userFlowType** are:<br/><ul><li>`signUp`</li><li>`signIn`</li><li>`signUpOrSignIn`</li><li>`passwordReset`</li><li>`profileUpdate`</li><li>`resourceOwner`</li>|
|userFlowTypeVersion|Float|Required. The version of the user flow.|

> |isLanguageCustomizationEnabled|Boolean|Optional. The property that determines whether language customization is enabled within the B2C user flow. Language customization is not enabled by default for B2C user flows.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isLanguageCustomizationEnabled|Boolean|Optional. Determines whether language customization is enabled within the Azure AD B2C user flow. Language customization is not enabled by default for Azure AD B2C user flows.|
```

> |defaultLanguageTag|String|Optional. Indicates the default language of the b2cIdentityUserFlow that is used when no `ui_locale` tag is specified in the request. This field is [RFC 5646](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5646) compliant.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|defaultLanguageTag|String|Optional.  Specifies the default language of the b2cIdentityUserFlow that is used when no `ui_locale` tag is specified in the request. This field is [RFC 5646](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5646) compliant.|
```
